Come on, fight this way, come on
bastard
Fu Chan Li Yi is just joking with you
How can you hit someone?
You hit him lightly
If he's on the front lines, he's going to be court-martialed
Reviewer Li Yi said you are a green turtle
Did they say you wrong?
Tell you I'm not a vegetarian
You played here today
I don't even think about walking out of this hotel door alive
Uncle Wen, I was beaten
Come and help me
Chu Chen
Divorced uncle is Ma Long Tai, president of the Chamber of Commerce
You kid played late this time
His uncle turned out to be President Ma
Oh my god
Dust removal
You fool's day is pierced
You, my uncle, Zhang Guang, the president of this chamber of commerce
All the economic privileges of Haicheng
Waiting for his old man to come
You kid is done playing today
Just a Ma Long
Handsome is not in your eyes
Just one Ma Long
Do you know who my uncle is?
Even Haicheng always calls him old man
I have to let him destroy three countries
Wait for my uncle to come
It's as simple as pinching an ant to death
I'll tell you what.
He's not afraid of you when he licks my toes
Crazy you are crazy you Chen
Are you a soldier and take your head for a fool?
Haha, okay.
I'm going to check it out today
What is the ability